# Computer Science - Bachelor Project

## Authors
* ### Emilia Hansson (eh222yn)
* ### Oliwer Ellréus (oe222ez)

## Description
Contains algorithms as generated by CoPilot and ChatGPT. Checkstyle configuration adheres to the principles in the book *Clean Code* by Robert C. Martin.   

## Instructions
#### Binary Search Algorithm Instructions
// Implement a non-static class named BinarySearch.   
// Implement the public binarySearch(int, int[]) method. The method should return a boolean.   

#### Breadth First Search (BFS) Algorithm Instructions
// Implement a non-static breadth search first class named Graph(int vertices).    
// Implement the public bfs(int sourceVertex) method. The method should return an integer array of parent nodes for each vertex in the graph. The array of parent node values are all initialized to -1 in the bfs(int sourceVertex) method.    
// Implement the public addEdge(int, int). The method should add an edge between two vertices.   

#### Merge Sort Algorithm Instructions
// Implement a non-static merge sort algorithm class named MergeSort with a public void mergeSort(int[]) method.   

#### Quicksort Algorithm Instructions
// Implement a non-static quick sort algorithm class named QuickSort with a public void sort(int[]) method.   

#### Knapsack Algorithm Instructions
// Implement a non-static 0-1 knapsack class named Knapsack.    
 // Implement the public int bottomUp(int capacity, int[] weights, int[] values) method. The method should return an int with the maximum value.    

#### Binary To Decimal Instructions
// Implement a non-static BinaryToDecimal class.   
// Implement the public convertToDecimal(String binary) method. The method should return an int with the decimal.    
